chore: bump version and add catalyst to authors (#1030)
interactions-py/interactions.py: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] I've ran `pre-commit` to format and lint the change(s) made.
- [ ] I've checked to make sure the change(s) work on `3.8.6` and higher.

> - [ ] This fixes/solves an [Issue](https://github.com/interactions-py/libraryissues) (If existent):.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] This fixes/solves an [Issue](https://github.com/interactions-py/library/issues) (If existent):.
```
